== Lebowski Ipsum

This is the rails-backed engine powering lebowskiipsum.com. It is a place for me to tinker. You might find the stuff inside /lib of particular interest. Right now it's very specific to my own project, but it could easily be adapted to any other "ipsum" type generator with minimal effort.

This project is part of a wider ecosystem. Ransom is a ruby gem to integrate this into rails and dude.py is a simple command-line tool to generate text from the terminal. <em>ars gratia artis</em>.

=== License

(The MIT-License)

Copyright (c) 2013 Daniel Angel Bradford

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.